welcomes to movies summary today i am
going to explain action adventure film
doctor strange
in kathmandu the sorcerer kaecilius and
his zealots enter the secret compound
kamar taj and behead its librarian
they steal a few pages from an ancient
mystical text belonging to the ancient
one
a long-lived sorcerer who has taught
every student at camartage
including kaiselius in the mystic arts
the ancient one pursues the traitors but
caicilius and his followers escape
in new york city stephen strange a
wealthy
acclaimed and arrogant neurosurgeon
severely injures
his hands in a car crash leaving him
unable to operate
fellow surgeon christine palmer tries to
help him move on
but strange vainly pursues experimental
surgeries to heal his hands strange
learns about jonathan pangborn
a paraplegic who mysteriously regained
use of his legs
hangborn directs strange to camartage
where he is taken in by mordo a sorcerer
under the ancient one
the ancient one demonstrates her power
to strange
revealing the astral plane and other
dimensions such as the mirror dimension
she reluctantly agrees to train strange
whose arrogance and ambition
remind her of kaecilius strange studies
under the ancient one and mordo
and from ancient books in the library
that is now guarded by master wong
strange learns that earth is protected
from threats from other dimensions by a
shield generated from three buildings
called sanctums
in new york city london and hong kong
which
are all directly accessible from kamar
taj
the sorcerer's task is to protect the
sanctums
though pangorn instead chose to channel
mystical energy only
into walking again strange progresses
quickly
and secretly reads the text from which
kaiselius stole pages
learning to bend time with the mystical
eye of agamotto
mordo and wong worn strange against
breaking the laws of nature
drawing a comparison to kaecilius desire
for eternal life
kaiselius uses the stolen pages to
contact dormammu of the dark dimension
where time is non-existent calicilius
destroys the london sanctum to weaken
earth's protection
the zealots then attack the new york
sanctum killing its
guardian but strange holds them off with
the help of the cloak of levitation
only to be critically injured during a
skirmish
he teleports himself back to the
hospital where palmer saves him
upon returning to the sanctum strange
reveals to mordo that the ancient one
has been drawing power from the dark
dimension to sustain her long life
and mordo becomes disillusioned with the
ancient one
after a fight in the mirror dimension of
new york
kaiselius mortally wounds the ancient
one and escapes to hong kong
before dying she tells strange that he
too
will have to bend the rules to
complement mordo's steadfast nature in
order to defeat kaiselius
strange and mordo arrive in hong kong to
find wong dead
the sanctum destroyed and the dark
dimension engulfing earth
strange uses the eye to reverse time and
save wong
then enters the dark dimension and
creates a time loop around himself and
dormammu
after repeatedly killing strange to no
avail
dormammu finally gives into strange's
demand that he permanently leave earth
alone and take chiaselius and his
zealots with him in return for strange
breaking the loop
disillusioned by strange in the ancient
one defying nature's laws
mordo renounces his sorcerer career and
departs
returns the eye to commantage and takes
up residence in the new york sanctum to
continue his studies with wong
in a mid-credits scene strange decides
to help thor
who has brought his brother loki to
earth to search for their father
odin n1 movie ends in that scene
please like share and subscribe